It is a corner work of this second corner I cut the tart Many late with her husband
I say it is a cliff of out, but it is a blue memorial, but this is a memory to shake
There is up to new if you say either, but I took on the case a little
What do you need in the 3000 meter long street?
Marca Rocky Marca Rocky Is it not taking place today
Completely
Disaster prevention member who was damaged is the second place and it is Heisei Ichiban to bear the eighth ban
And passing the inside, the fourth is Mediro McQueen Blue memory from the outside
I will go up to the back with the third with the Adam entered the bib sucker is 2 points man
Take it and then
I do green less
There from the backs another 10 volumes in the place that has passed through the 800 common sense now, but the battle to go
However, the first circle is the rocky go sign is attached to the second place behind it
You please
This is the blue memory and most Oite fiscal little to reduce the number 8 on its back
It feels like I'm stuck behind it Now there's a blue hat behind it
There in Mejiro McQueen There in Adams that contains the third through the raw-back city
Then you can go to the temple temple
As for the way , Takeshiba came in from psychology and became a little unexpected development
There are 4 corners too and is the first
We have keep in decontamination configuration combat is located in the top of the log Rocky
Middle chasing this large sign is blue memory 1989 a feeling that you are a second place
Let's go through more than a stardom
And from 4 chieftain back from behind and we passed the outside 4th chieftain
Mapping that the Kikuka Award can be increased and the argument is queen
I will not
Image mapping
Abe you like listeners and Manji store stock and affair lees scars etc. Atakushiba is from the hall
There is a video Takeshiba is coming from the hall It will soon return to 20 years Maru
6 groups line up so I will have to let the little we came up to the 1989 number or fiscal best
Has cut off the beginning
And evil located in the 2nd hand Rocky through the more than there are in the go-ahead to the back
Let alone limiter dam
Then there in the blue memory still from behind Is is Hanada are attached to the four animals part
It is the Mediro McQueen
The news of the elimination of Mediro Ryan continues until today Black beast but it plays
Mediro McQueen For the Wind of Spring
I was able to convey intense news from Dr. East
No. 4 is located in Mejiro McQueen on the saddle is a Taketoyo PC Date
The beginning when we take cooperation
It is limited first of all, but there is rocky the second place whether there is somehow thank you for taking thanks
There is a signboard where a green hat has passed the ground at 55 years old and dumb
Blue memory Now my husband disappeared gradually, but this 4th was mejiro McQueen wriggling
And we have
I 'm going to go through the old, but it's a separate volume.
Mostly Hardened Almost Hardened About 10% Over Black
It is a small space point, and the spring children are also in full swing
There are many issues
What a perfect score from that perfect score obtained from outside the Japanese white-eye McQueen has been gradually one different of
Is
How I do not come yet 4 Pos not last line is straight but blue hat is flower or leaf and
We side by side with the open sea was go-ahead green instructor through disaster prevention raw sugar or is Mejiro McQueen
Rocky was replaced and came in with 3 stardoms 2
Two of them hit and who goes up after days
While the major pin which was a flat is from now on
It does blowing whip has entered Mejiro to Rotai to Japanese white-eye is disaster prevention and distinguished service without 's finger eyes
Leaves go sign if
Taketoyo that contains roots or spots on a white- eye message
they and the fourth car or ginger
Oh dad Yes was the race class how of this Mejiro McQueen
From corps to dy , it's no good, yes it's 1000m and the passing point is about 2 minutes and 7 seconds
I think so